Brush away old heartaches.
Learn from our mistakes.
Another year is finally over.
A new dawn awakes.
Let the old year out.
Welcome the new one in.
Bury the bad things of the past
As a new year now begins.
Make your New Year wishes
As simple as you can.
Pray for peace and love,
Not for wealth or fame.
Pray for health and happiness.
Pray for your fellow man.
Pray for all the ones you love.
Pray for those who've lost their way.
As the midnight hour chimes,
We leave the old and embrace the new.
I wish the things you wish for yourself,
And may God's love stay with you./
Ring out, wild bells, to the wild sky,
The flying cloud, the frosty light;
The year is dying in the night;
Ring out, wild bells, and let him die.
Ring out the old, ring in the new,
Ring, happy bells, across the snow:
The year is going, let him go;
Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Ring out the grief that saps the mind,
For those that here we see no more,
Ring out the feud of rich and poor,
Ring in redress to all mankind.
Ring out a slowly dying cause,
And ancient forms of party strife;
Ring in the nobler modes of life,
With sweeter manners, purer laws.
Ring out the want, the care the sin,
The faithless coldness of the times;
Ring out, ring out my mournful rhymes,
But ring the fuller minstrel in.
Ring out false pride in place and blood,
The civic slander and the spite;
Ring in the love of truth and right,
Ring in the common love of good.
Ring out old shapes of foul disease,
Ring out the narrowing lust of gold;
Ring out the thousand wars of old,
Ring in the thousand years of peace.
Ring in the valiant man and free,
The larger heart, the kindlier hand;
Ring out the darkness of the land,
Ring in the Christ that is to be./
What can be said in New Year rhymes,
That's not been said a thousand times?
The new years come, the old years go,
We know we dream, we dream we know.
We rise up laughing with the light,
We lie down weeping with the night.
We hug the world until it stings,
We curse it then and sigh for wings.
We live, we love, we woo, we wed,
We wreathe our brides, we sheet our dead.
We laugh, we weep, we hope, we fear,
And that's the burden of the year./
Another year is coming to a close.
We can forget our troubles and woes.
For me, this year was tough.
It brought many emotions, was tearful and rough.
Now another year is approaching fast.
Let's hope it's a New Year with love and health; let's hope it's a blast.
May all of your dreams come true
And you find peace and love in all that you do.
May this world know the gentle sound of a hush.
May it calm all its anger and slow its pace from the rush.
May we all hear the sound of joy
And push away all that hurts, all that destroys.
The New Year I hope will be good to us all.
Care and calm, a helping hand when we fall.
Listen more, slow down, and say I love you.
Stop for a moment; take a breath, take in the view.
Appreciate your family; tell them you care.
Do something exciting, a thrill or a dare.
Enjoy all that the New Year may give.
We have but one life, so let's learn to live.
It's a New Year, a brand new start.
Always remember, live and love from your heart.
Wishing each and every one a year to behold,
And may it be full of wonders for you to unfold.
Love, hugs, and kisses too...
A very happy New Year from me to you./
First day of the New Year.
It's time to shine for a new day.
Forget your past,
Your sorrow, your pain.
New ideas are waiting ahead.
It's time to recall all your memories,
Beautiful dreams that remain uncovered,
Painful parts of life when your heart gets crushed.
But don't be afraid.
The future is in your hand.
Hold it in your hand.
Start your race,
A new journey,
That leads you to success.
You will rise again
You will shine again.
Happy New Year!/
With a new beginning and fresh start,
Full of inspiration and positive thoughts,
Let's begin this year with an optimistic thought.
Gone are the days of regret and guilt,
Those rooms full of darkness.
It's time to move with courage,
Full of confidence and hope.
Let's begin this year with an optimistic thought./
This New Year has been foretold.
Your future is at hand.
God knows the fate and outcome
of each and every man.
God has chosen the narrow road.
His wisdom is leading the way.
His great strength can carry your load.
His compassion you will feel every day.
With a new dawn over the horizon,
and the Lord to lead the way,
you can spread your wings like an eagle
and soar through every day./
To those who partied around the world
Or those that lay in bed and curled
up to the one they hold so dear
I wish you all Happy New year.
The homeless sleeping on the street
feeling the hunger and defeat,
May these few words fill you with cheer
may you do well this brand New Year.
Those Women fearing for their lives
battered girlfriends, battered wives,
Husbands, boyfriends, living in fear
pray Lord protect them this New Year
For Nurses with devoted ways
caring for someone's final days,
Stay strong no matter how severe
love is your gift in this New year.
For Police protecting us each day
hand them the torch to light our way,
To face the foe showing no fear
we wish them all a safe New Year
That Fireman risking life and limb
Daily, facing scenes so grim,
those burning buildings hold no fear
May God be with him this New year.
Those soldiers in the line of fire
living life close to the wire
From Private to the Brigadier
May God protect you this New Year.
For those alone, without a friend
I hope your darkness soon will end,
Your guiding light is close - so near
may friendship find you this New Year.
Talk to your friends don't text them all
speak face to face without phone call.
Make pals feel wanted, keep them near
make them happy this brand New Year.
Those people who've lost faith, like me
who have no other Deity
May churchfolk comfort them - endear
restore their faith in this New Year.
Around the World we should link hands
North, South, East, West to all Gods lands,
Should learn to live in love - not fear
let's make this year a brave New Year./
They gave us all a calendar
At work this afternoon.
Suddenly it dawns on me,
The year is ending soon!
Comes January, cold and gray.
The new year's just beginning.
And February, short and bright
With Valentine hearts winning.
Comes March, the windy roaring one
And warm the sun of spring.
Then April, bright of shining sky
And flowers blossoming.
Comes May, and school comes to a close
With children's happy laughter.
Then June, with open city pools
And picnics soon thereafter.
July comes booming with a bang
Of red-glared rockets blasting.
Then August lingers with its heat
That seems so...everlasting.
September, gold September comes.
The year is growing older.
October with sweet Halloween.
The nights grow dark and colder.
November smells of harvest,
Of turkey and Thanksgiving.
December comes with joy and light
To fill hearts of the living.
Each page I flip and see these things
Of days yet to come.
My calendar is a door to me,
An adventure just begun!/
And with thee take
Thanks for the gifts to every land
Thou broughtest in thy bounteous hand,
And all that thou hast taught to hearts thy lingering steps forsake.
Good bye, Old Year!
The Past awaiteth thee.
Who ruleth in her power alone
The kingdom of Oblivion.
Silent she sits in ebon chair;
Falling mists of dusky hair
Veil her dark eyes' glorious shine,
Full of wise help, and truth divine.
Silent, unless a fitful sound,
As from some cavern underground,
Steal from her lips; the company
Of ancient Years that round her be,
Then chanting, one by one, give tongue
To old experience in their song.
Good bye, Old Year!
Thou goest forth alone,
As we shall do: thy pages gay,
Seasons and months who round thee lay,
Attend thee to Earth's farthest verge, then back! to greet thy son.
Hail, New-born Year!
Cradled in morning clouds
Golden and white. I cannot see
Thy face--'tis wrapp'd in mystery;
But Spring for thee is painting flowers,
And Summer decks her woven bowers;
Rich Autumn's sheaves will soon be reap'd,
With store of fruits in sunbeams steep'd,
And one by one with gentle hand folds back thy sunlit shrouds.
Hail, New-born Year!
Shining and beautiful,
Thou wilt step forth in plenitude
Of youth and its rejoicing mood.
Last child of the half-century,
And time of coming victory
Over the spirits of night and sin,
Whose howlings of defeat begin:
Thou bringest hope, and labour bless'd
In visions of successful rest,
Bringest great thoughts, and actions wrought
In fire upon that forge of thought,
And with the soul of earnestness I think thy youths are full.
Hail, New-born Year!
My utterance is too weak
To tell of all I think thou bringest,
To echo back the song thou singest;
But the very winds of Heaven for those who listen to them, speak!/
Here comes the New Year,
And it's time to make resolutions.
For I promise to be sincere
And bring in me a revolution.
In class, I'll talk less.
In studies, I'll surely progress.
All my lies I'll confess.
I'll go to play with egress.
To my friends, I'll be kind,
Have my character refined,
To a helper of mankind
With a sound mind.
I'll follow my teacher's advice.
Regularly I'll exercise.
My mother I'll idolize.
Beyond doubt I'll civilize.
These are my resolutions
To bring in me an evolution.
To follow them, I'll try my best.
Until then, I'll not rest./
Another year is almost over.
A new one's about to begin.
Say goodbye to all the negative stuff.
Move on with the positive things.
Forget those New Year's resolutions.
They are never what they seem.
Resolutions are no sooner made than broken.
It's far better to follow your dreams.
Let's pray for health and happiness
And for peace in the New Year too.
And as those bells ring out at midnight,
I hope those dreams you dream come true./
Completed another revolution around the sun.
Let's prepare for another one...
Ups and down, lows and high, yet more to come.
Let's prepare for another one...
Learn from the past, get ready for tasks undone.
Let's prepare for another one...
Spread happiness, kindness, and love to everyone.
Let's prepare for another one...
Live every moment, enjoy, and have lots of fun.
Let's prepare for another one...
Happy New Year!/
As the world celebrates
With fireworks and cakes
I'm standing here alone
Far away from home
With nothing but a suitcase and memories
As the stars surround me like water
I raise my hands in full surrender
To God, my Redeemer
Lord, this year is far from ordinary
I've never seen such extraordinary
People, places and things
Amazing human beings
Searching for purpose, just like me.
Looking around, I wonder
Since a year is like clashing thunder
Booming suddenly
Then vanishing instantly
Why waste time uselessly?
The old year came and went
I hope your time was wisely spent
On helping others and working hard
So that many people may regard
Your lifetime as truly great
And not just because of fate
So learn this lesson, but not from me!
Try it yourself and you will see
Making a difference starts with one step
With one foot, then the next
So walk right now into the light
And find yourself shining bright
Don't worry what people think
Because right now you're on the brink
Of showing others what is true
Happy New Year, from me to you./
Deep on this dark, cold, last night of December,
is one tiny flame of a flickering ember.
like so many memories of Decembers gone by,
tucked in our hearts, memories safely reside,
reminiscing our blessings through all the past years,
of those we have loved, our regrets, and our tears.
As December surrenders to January's dawn,
that one tiny ember still flickers on,
sparking the flame to new memories born
on the horizon of this New Year's morn!/
Even during the worst of times
When I feel the years go slipping by
Life seems rife with possibilities
When the New Year arrives.
Buoyed by hope at the New Year coming
I feel renewed and want to start living.
This year I'll travel and see the sights,
I'll be bold, I'll be courageous.
I'll reach out and go beyond.
I might even try being flirtatious!
I'll be a new fish in a brand new pond.
This new year I'll be brave and I'll be strong.
Even though time does fly,
I won't let this year be wasted.
I'll look forward to new adventures
And be open to opportunities I am graced with.
I'll learn and laugh and have good times.
I won't dwell on years gone by.
I'll start each new morning a brand new way.
I'll pretend it is New Year's Day!/
Thanksgiving comes but once a year.
It's a time when families gather near
To reflect and give thanks for those we hold dear.
We celebrate Christmas with parties and food,
Spend time with family and everyone's in a good mood.
Soon it's all over, and decorations are put away,
And then we do it all again for the next holiday.
Look forward to the New Year and keep hope alive
That our country brings our troops home
So no one else dies.
Have faith things will get better,
Pray to God above
That He will bless us and keep us
In His everlasting love.
Our country's in turmoil, and it gives me a chill.
We'll see better times soon.....I know we will.
Try not to let worry get you down.
Smile, keep your chin up,
And laugh out loud.
We'll certainly survive hard times once more
Because we have great strength and resolve
We didn't know we had before.
Take one day at a time, and treasure each day.
We need to work together because that's the best way.
Don't let hate determine how you act.
Instead, open up your heart and don't attack.
Make sure our country is the best it can be
Let's all work together....you and me!
Please, end the hatred towards our fellow man.
We'll all feel better if we're holding hands!/
Daylight, my friend seldom seen
Your absence tells which season's close
Time to reflect on months gone by, but not yet
Christmas nears, no time to think.
Passing smiles caught through busy streets
Indoors we flee in front of fires
Glasses clink, we toast the year's end
You catch my eye, next year we'll meet.
One last farewell, down family roads we head
It's late now, a window candle is lit
One more drink poured, the last stories shared
Another year, things change, the same warmth's felt./
December is fading away.
There's a new year coming your way.
All frustrations drowned
with the chill of cold air around
as the new year rises array.
Everybody say hip, hip hurray!
Do you remember the things that made you laugh,
cry like a calf?
Never forget the luck you had the whole year;
If you didn't have any, don't moan saying, "Oh dear!"
'cause there's more to come in the New Year!
There comes Santa with yummy goodies
for the sweet charming little buddies.
Goodbye is what is said to this year,
expecting more to happen in the next year.
Have fun everyone, and
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!/
his is the start of a new year.
We have the chance to change the life or keep the life,
that we may have lived in 2020.
For the wrong doings that we may have done to others
that we can't take back.
For the mistakes we've made that we can't fix or undo
Our Father, Our Lord gives us a New Year every January 1.
The chance to change the life or keep the life,
that we may have lived before./